Custom Fonts & Skins - Rewording (#76)
DS-Homebrew/wiki: pages/_en-US/twilightmenu/custom-fonts.md

The `-ds` and `-dsi` files have higher priority than the normal one and if found will be used when TWiLight Menu++ is running in DS or DSi Mode respectively.

> ### Skin-Dependent fonts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Skin-dependent fonts
```

[Custom skins](custom-dsi-3ds-skins) for the Nintendo DSi/Nintendo 3DS themes can override the font setting for the general UI. These overrides are to be placed within the skin's `font` folder.

> - Specific elements could have their font overridden, by titling the file according to the specifications set by the page above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specific elements could have their font overridden, by titling the file as specificied by the page above
```

> - Delete the files within the skin in order to restore the font to whatever was specified in the TWiLight Menu++ settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete the files within the skin in order to restore the font to whatever was specified in TWiLight Menu++ settings
```
